## Whiteboard the comment syntax for HTML, CSS, Javascript, Ruby, and EmbeddedRuBy (ERB).

`HTML: <!-- comment -->`  
`CSS: /* comment */`  
`JS: // comment`  
`Ruby: # comment`  
`ERB: <%# comment %>`

## Explain the purpose of HTML attributes.
Attributes modify the element, providing meta-information about an element.

## Create a CSS selector that selects all `<li>` elements with a class of 'nav-link'.

```css
li.nav-link {
  /* Insert CSS properties here */
}
```

## Use Vanilla JS and jQuery to change a webpage's body background color to 'lemonchiffon'

```js
// Vanilla JS
document.body.style( "background-color", "lemonchiffon" );

// jQuery
$( "body" ).css( "background-color", "lemonchiffon" );
```

## Write a JavaScript Object literal with at least one property and one method (e.g. a person).

```js
car = {
  color: "baby blue",
  drive: function(){
    console.log( "Vroom!" );
  }
}
```

## How would you add a key / value pair to an existing hash?

```ruby
# Initialize classroom hash
classroom = {
  name: "Peanut Butter",
  teacher: "Adrian Maseda"
}

# Add new squads key that stores array of squads
classroom[:squads] = [ "Bash", "C", "Fortran" ]
```

## Use the whiteboard to create a Ruby method that has two arguments.

```ruby
# returns a number multiplied by a multiplier
def multiply number, multiplier
  return number * multiplier
end

multiply( 3, 5 )
# => 15
```

## How many objects can a method return? Which methods don't return anything?

A method can return one object. Methods with implicit returns of no value (i.e., `nil`) don't return anything. Or explicit methods that return `nil`.

## Create a Student class with one property and one method. Initialize a student.

```
class Student
  attr_accessor :name

  def initialize(name)
    @name = name
  end

  def graduate(class)
    class.graduate(self)
  end
end

harry_potter = Student.new("Harry")
```

## Use .each to print out each key-value pair in a hash.

```rb
hash.each do |key, value|
  puts "#{key}, #{value}"
end
```

## What is binding.pry and how do we use it?

A feature of the gem Pry that allows us to enter REPL at a certain point in a Ruby application.

## Create a schema table for a Student model that has a name and age property.

```sql
CREATE TABLE students (
  id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
  name TEXT NOT NULL,
  age INT NOT NULL,
);
```

## Explain what an ORM is and why they are useful.

Object-Relational Mapping
* Map/translate database rows into objects on our server
  * And vice-versa: convert objects to rows in our database
* 1 table per Model
* Handle associations using foreign keys
* Ex. Active Record

## What does 'convention over configuration' mean? Provide an example.

When a system or framework forces you to do things a certain way (the "convention") to reduce the need for the user to mess with configurations later.
* Assumes that the "convention" is the best way of doing things.
* Ex. plural vs. single naming for models and controllers in Rails
* Have to follow convention in order to play

## Explain how to represent one-to-many relationships in AR.

```rb
class Library < ActiveRecord::Base
  has_many :books
end

class Book < ActiveRecord::Base
  belongs_to :library
end
```

* Book table would include a library_id column (foreign key).

## What is the difference between an Active Record class and instance method? Provide an example of each.

Class methods are not performed on a specific Active Record object. These include creating and finding an instance (which end up returning an instance). This also includes destructive methods like .destroy_all.

Instance methods are performed on particular instances of Active Record objects. These include .update and .destroy.

## What is the difference between Active Record methods find, find_by and where? Provide an example of each.

* `find`: return an object with a particular ID.
  * `Student.find(2)`
* `find_by`: return the first object with a particular property.
  * `Student.find_by( name: "Karl" )`
* `where`: return all objects with a particular property.
  * `Student.where( age: 25 )`


## List at least 3 methods added to a class when it inherits from ActiveRecord::Base.

`.create`
`.destroy`
`.find_by`


## Describe what Sinatra is and what it is used for.

A lightweight DSL (domain specific language) for quickly creating web applications in Ruby.
* Tends to be used for simple applications.
* Because it's lightweight, it's fast.
* Relatively easy to learn (vs. Rails).


## Walk through the steps of the Sinatra MVC request-response cycle.

1. Browser - Send HTTP Request
2. Controller - Receives request and matches to route
3. Controller - Execute code block to run in response
4. Model - Process and run any additional business logic
5. DB - Execute CRUD action
6. Render view - And display response to user.


## Explain what REST is and why we use it.

**REST =** Representational State Transfer
* To be "RESTful" is to use HTTP requests to execute CRUD actions on data.

## List the 5 HTTP request methods. How do they relate to the 4 crud actions?

* GET - Read
* POST - Create
* PUT - Update
* PATCH - Update
* DELETE - Destroy

## Whiteboard the HTML for a form that creates a new instance of a Student model.

```html
<form method='post' action='/'>
  <input type='text' name='student-name'>
  <button type="submit">Submit</button>
</form>
```

## What is the purpose of sinatra's layout.erb file?

It is Sinatra's global view file. Acts as the main view for a Sinatra app (i.e., contains the <head>) and can include sub-views using <%= yield %>.

## Write an html `<script>` tag that links to a js file in public/js/app.js

`<script src="/js/app.js"></script>`  
* You do not need to include "public/"
