### What does the HTML5 history api allow us to do?

* Allows us to change the URL to reflect the current state of the page.

### What is one problem that Single Page Applications face that traditional web apps don't?

* Maintaining state.
* Updating URL to reflect state.
* Complex javascript.

### What is npm?

* Node Package Manager
* Follow-up: how would I include Express in my application? What does that do?

### How does `module.exports` help us with separation of concerns?

* Defines the interface that will be used in the file that does the requiring.

### What are constructor functions? How do we use them?

* Constructor functions define a new instance of a Javascript object.
* We create a Javascript object using the "new" keyword.
* `var Planet = function( info ){
    this.name = info.name;
    this.distance = info.distance;
  }`
* `var neptune = new Planet({ name: 'Neptune', distance: 'far away' });`

### What is a prototype? Why do we care about them?

Prototypes define the default -- or "blueprint" -- values and methods of an object.

### Describe how we use prototypes to set up inheritance in JS

```js
Car.prototype.color = "Blue"
Car.prototype.beep = function(){
  console.log( "Beep" );
}

var volvo = new Car();
volvo.beep();
// => "beep!"
```

### List 1 Sequelize method and its ActiveRecord counterpart.

* findById, find

### How do callbacks and asynchronicity factor into Sequelize?

* Sequelize methods are asynchonous, so you need to provide a callback to say what should happen after a given method is doen.

### Where should you declare associations in a Sequelize app?

* After you declare your models, ideally right after they're loaded when the app starts.

### There are 3 different ways to set up your database tables in a Sequelize app. What are 2?
* `schema.sql`
* `sequelize db:migrate`
* `sequelize.sync`

### Create a media query that supports most mobile phones.

```css
@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
  /* ... */
}
```

### Write the SQL statement to update the first_name of the 'author' whose ID is 12.

UPDATE authors SET first_name="Robin" WHERE id=12;
