### What are constructor functions? How do we use them?

Constructor functions define a new instance of a Javascript object. We create a Javascript object using the `new` keyword.  

```js
var Planet = function( info ){
  this.name = info.name;
  this.distance = info.distance;
}

var neptune = new Planet({ name: 'Neptune', distance: 'far away' });
```

### What is a prototype? Why do we care about them?

Prototypes define the default -- or "blueprint" -- values and methods of an object.  

### What action do you expect this route to perform: `app.post('/authors', function() {...}`?

It is a `POST` request, so it will create a new `author` in our database.

### Write the url to request all authors from a Rails app, formatted as JSON.

`http://localhost:3000/authors.json`

### Create a media query that supports most mobile phones.

```css
@media only screen and (max-device-width: 480px) {
  /* ... */
}
```

### How can box sizing affect a DOM Element?

Depending on the value of a DOM element's `box-sizing` property, its width may be calculated differently.  
* If `box-sizing: content-box`, width is equal to an element's content.
* If `box-sizing: border-box`, width is equal to the sum of an element's content, padding and border. Not margin.

### Explain the difference between referencing and invoking a function.

To invoke a function is to call it. To reference a function is to return that function's definition.  

```js
// Function definition
function sayHello(){
  return "Hi."
}

// Invoke
sayHello();
// => "Hi."

// Reference
sayHello;
/* => function sayHello(){
  return "Hi."
}
*/
```

### Explain the concept of a 'callback' function.

Callbacks are functions that are passed in as arguments to another function so that they can be executed later when it is called. An example of a callback is the `helloWorld` function passed into the below event listener...

```js
// Callback function definition.
function helloWorld(){
  console.log( "Hello world.");
}

// helloWorld is invoked whenever a button is clicked.
$("button").on("click", helloWorld);
```

### Explain what an ORM is and why they are useful.

An ORM ("Object Relational Mapping") is an interface that allows us to represent items in a database as objects on a server (and vice-versa).  
An example of an ORM is Active Record. In AR, models and tables represent each other. Associations are handled using foreign keys.  

### List at least 3 methods added to a class when it inherits from ActiveRecord::Base.

`.create`  
`.destroy`  
`.find_by`  

### Explain what REST is and why we use it.

REST stands for "Representational State Transfer." To be "RESTful" is to use HTTP requests (e.g., `GET`, `POST`) to execute CRUD actions on data.  

### Define the purpose of the 'action' and 'method' attributes of a form.

`action` indicates where to send form data once it has been submitted.  

`method` indicates how form data is sent. This is set to either `GET` or `POST`.

### List the HTTP request verbs

* `GET`
* `POST`
* `PUT`
* `PATCH`
* `DELETE`

### Instantiate an Angular module on the whiteboard. What arguments does it receive?

```js
'use strict';

(function(){
  angular.module( "grumblr", [] );
}());
```

Arguments
  1. Module name. In the above example, `grumblr`.  
  2. Dependencies. They are always contained in an array. If there are no dependencies, we pass in an empty array.  

### What is an IIFE? Why do we use them in Angular?

An IIFE is an "Immediately Invoked Function Expression". In Angular, they run component definitions (e.g., modules, controllers) upon document load.  

### What is an Angular directive? Provide three examples of one.

A directive allows us to inject behavior into an Angular application. Directives are included in an application using HTML attributes.

#### Examples

**ng-app**: Defines the domain of an Angular application in an HTML document.

```html
<!-- `grumblr` is the name of a pre-defined Angular module -->
<html data-ng-app="grumblr">
  <!-- ... -->
</html>
```

**ng-click**: Executes code when the element it is attached to is clicked.

```html
<button data-ng-click="alert("Hi!")">Click Me!</button>
```

**ng-show**: Displays the element it is attached to when its value evaluates to true.

```html
<!-- `display` is a boolean property in a pre-defined GrumbleController -->
<div data-ng-show="grumbleViewModel.display"></div>
```

### How do we indicate something is an Angular expression in an HTML file?

Using `{{ }}`. So `{{ 3 + 2 }}` would be evaluated as 5 using Javascript.

### Why do we use the term 'View Model' in Angular?

A "View Model" is an instance of an Angular controller. A controller can be thought of as a blueprint for a view model. Every time we load an Angular application, a new view model is generated from its respective controller.

### What type of Angular component is `ngResource`? What does it do?

`ngResource` is an Angular module that allows us to make "RESTful" interactions with an API.  

### What is an Angular 'state'? What information do we need to define one?  

A state is essentially a route in an Angular application. We can define states by including the `ui.router` module in our application.  

A state contains at minimum (1) a `url` property and (2) a view (usually in the form of an HTML file passed into a `templateUrl` property) that is displayed whenever a user visits the `url`. It may also contain `controller` and `controllerAs` properties that indicate which controller is referenced in that state.  

### Why are custom directives useful in Angular?  

Custom directives allow us to make our Angular applications DRY-er by extracting repeating logic and HTML. Custom directives are represented in HTML as custom tags like `<comment-box></comment-box>`. We can define these using the `angular.directive` syntax. A simple example...  ___

```js
(function(){
  angular
  .module('grumbles')
  .directive('myCustomDirective', function(){
    return {
      template: '<h1>Hi There!</h1>'
    }
  });
})();
```
